This machine comes with everything you need. Already half assembled, if you have never assembled one before, it will take you about 1 to 2 hours. If you have experience, it will take about 30 to 45 minutes. Cuts great. I didn't use candle software that comes with the machine, but the Universal G code sender I already had installed on the computer worked great. ( FYI- I do have candle already installed on my computer and it also works great with candle.) Using machine to engrave electrical alarm panels. Does a great job for what I need.
Being newer to having our own machine this is a fun and relatively easy machine to use- some kinks with software but got it sorted and works great
This is my second FoxAlien product. My 4040 is an awesome machine that I use for carving, I wanted a laser setup so I ordered the 40w setup and so I did not have to change out the spindle I purchased a Masuter Pro. The only issue was the control board had problems (would not home and was failing to position) So I contacted support and they did an excellent job of diagnosing the issue and sending me a replacement controller in a timely fashion. You know you have a good company when something goes wrong and the respond quickly with replacement part or answers to question. I will for sure continue to purchase products from FoxAlien
Beginners will find this machine to be quite frustrating. Everything from setting up the included software to figuring out feeds and speeds is a black box with little to no information to help. But if you can get past that and get cutting, this thing is a little miracle at this price. The ability to turn it into a 4080, or upgrade to a 300w spindle or a laser, or add an offline controller for just a small additional investment is one of the biggest selling points for this particular machine over others.
Fox Alien definitely did there homework. This new machine is so awesome. Easy to assemble, set up, and run. The z axis is a huge upgrade previous the previous design. I would recommend upgrading to he Mikita router. It make the machine even better. It also comes with the mount for the Mikita router. For the price point you won't find a better machine. Thanks For making a great machine.
I've tried just about everything at this point changed belts, setup steps, and tightened every screw and bolts I could find and after ruining hundreds of dollars of stock. To this point after asking for help replacing the Controller Box I've heard nothing from support. I purchased the Masuter Pro and then the extension for the CNC which I'm into this CNC Machine way over $2,000.00 including stock purchased. I'm thinking it may be time to go out and purchase an X-Carve CNC and toss this one. The above pics are my current frustrations not including my 3D issues! I've asked for a replacement but crickets as of yet!
Terrible product, the usb controller that you have to use gave someone access to my computer and they attempted to use my IP Address. Could never get it to communicate with my computer properly and there is absolutely zero technical support. When someone finally did get back to me they said they missed it because it went into their spam folder. Have never heard that with a legit company as an excuse and. If you are a CNC pro or IT guy this might be the machine for you but I don't trust it at all.
This thing is garbage. The limit switches are junk and keep on sticking. They have messed up on me multiple times while cutting. The power cord fits so loose that vibration can cause it to come unplugged. The clamps are garbage, used 4 clamps and project still moved. After 5 failed attempts on the same projects, I unhooked it and put it in the closet till I find someone who wants to buy this P.O.S. So irritated that I cracked my computer screen after hours and hours of failed projects.
Overall the machine works well, and the Axis move to how you position and without issues. However the spindle and the holder that it comes with do not and by this I mean the spindle isn't secure enough to not lower itself during the engraving. I've been trying to figure it out and then I noticed my spindle keep dropping without the z axis dropping. and on top of that I can't tighten or loosen the spindle holder because the screws have stripped. I'll have to figure out a work around but overall an adequate machine.
I recently bought the Longer RAY5 Laser Engraver, and it has exceeded my expectations in every way. The 5W output laser, combined with the 40W laser engraving cutter, makes it incredibly powerful and precise for a variety of material including wood and metal. The engraver works flawlessly and is very easy to set up and use.
I love my Longer Ray 5 10w laser. It does better than I expected. I am new to the laser world and this laser is great for beginners and experienced laser crafters. I make several items to sell at craft shows and my customers tell me how professional my laser crafts look. The support team at Longer has been great also. When I have a question they get right back to me. I would highly recommend this laser to anyone.
Easy to setup, just a few screws, and then plug and play, sd card comes with software, package comes with protection glass, and three basswood pieces for testing, when using it, need place in a good vent area, I plan to buy a shop vent fan.
I ordered a 10w laser but I got a 5w laser instead. When I turned this thing on, it kept saying Hard Limit and the message won't go away. I tried using LightBurn to reconfigure it but nothing works. Will be sending this back to buy some other brand.
Laser did not work. Reached out to Amazon and to the email provided for support and received none. Horrible. Returning item is even difficult. I wish I never purchased. I guarantee this review will not get posted!
This is the best 10 watt laser output I've seen so far. The frame definitely needs some work as far as organizing wires. I installed my own track which was not too hard to do. But if you're looking just for quality to start with this unit is beautiful for that as you can see in my pictures. My unit is a 10 watt unit. I was very curious what a 20 watt unit can do. Especially on metal. I hope this is help to some people out there.
Instructions are misleading and hard to understand as well as being blurry,fixing to return it because there is no one to speak to all I get is emails saying we sent you the instructions,so I not going to stress anymore trying to set it up.
No problems, if your using with Easel you can use the FoxAlien 4040 XE profile. This seems to be very similar to that CNC.
does not work. driver errors. manual control does not work. save your money or go elsewhere.
Hooray for Westinghouse. This power washer came well packed, all the right parts, they fit well, easy instructions — and it works like a charm. Good pressure for clearing off slippery mildew from my stone walkways. The wheels keep it stable so it doesn't tip over. If I had one wish, it would be for the power button to have a light or indicator so I would know if it's on or off when it's sitting. Definitely happy to recommend this. And it's a decent price!
This power washer is exactly what I was looking for to help clean around the house. I used it to clean the dust/dirt off my porch, deck, outdoor funnel and walls of my house and it worked beautifully. I was concerned about it having too much pressure and causing damage to my paint and concrete but it handled it perfectly with the 25 degree nozzle. Now I know if I need more pressure, I can go with a smaller nozzle. I'll be able to use it to clean my cars and bikes next. Also, the size is perfect too - not too big, so it fits nicely in the garage.
I bought this attachment to go along with a 2000psi electric pressure washer I have. I knew the pressure washer wasn't the strongest, so I didn't have the highest expect with how it would power the surface cleaner. I was pleasantly surprised to see that the cleaner worked great and was so much easier to use than just the regular wand. It still required me to go slow on the concrete (otherwise you could see some swirl marks where it didn't get completely clean) but overall it was much faster than using the wand. Wish I would have bought it sooner.
This pressure washer looks nice and the build quality is adequate but the cleaning ability is poor. It blows off dust and light dirt but don't expect it to do much cleaning. I was trying to get by with an electric washer because of convenience but I'll continue to use my gas power washer for deeper cleaning.
The product is very good. However their support is awful and they are not responsive at all. My device stop turning on and I called them so far 5 times, However never get response even the product has 3 years warranty
I'm very disappointed. The onboard soap bottle is not effective at all. It leaks more solution than it sprays. I should return the whole kit for this reason. The pressure is not any better than my old SunJoe brand which cost less.
Bought this for my husband and didn't have a chance to use it right away. Stayed in the box until 2 months ago. Uses it once for less than 10 minutes and it worked great. Second time, uses it for about 5 minutes, turned it off and when we tried to power back on there was no power. Did all the troubleshooting steps suggested by the manufacturer and never heard back. What a waste
I appreciate the fact that my Epx3500 electric pressure washer is both light weight and easy to maneuver in contrast with my gas-powered pressure washer. I have yet to utilize the full benefits of this product at this time and I hope it meets my expectations. Thus far, I can only give this product a three-star rating based upon my past use of former usage of Westinghouse products.
Was not as powerful as a higher psi and gpm one I have. I bought it because I have a small electric 1800psi 2.3 gpm power washer and thought this would work better but it does not.
The bottom nozzle holder won't click in place but I'll just superglue it and it will be sold. Assembly needs no tools. I only give you three because I haven't used it yet..
Product is great for washing cars and some light cleaning of porches and driveways. However, I could not get it work with any of my outside outlets as they are all GFCI. After 10-20 seconds of working, it would trip my breakers. Tried all outlets. Ended up having to plug inside the house in a standard outlet with an extension cord, then worked as it should have. I don't know if something is wrong with my unit or what. If you are looking for a pressure to do things other than wash a car, get something with more power and way more gpm. Would recommend a gas washer.
This is our second one. We bought this for our second house. It really works well, pressure is great for cleaning patios and sidewalks etc. the cord is long, and the hose is a standard hose and fittings that is easy to replace ( haven't had to yet) Had a different brand that had their own proprietary fitting that I couldn't replace. It's nice and compact, easy to store. Recommend bringing it in for the winter to prevent freeze damage.
I really like this pressure washer. It's easy to use. The only thing I don't like about it is, the hose is extremely stiff. Makes it hard to roll back up. I need to see if I can find a different hose for it. Otherwise, it's a good machine.
Nice easy to use design for light duty projects such as spraying off algae on a plastic fence. But for deeper cleaning, like a deck, it is not strong enough.
It works really well, and pretty much as expected. Not really sure what the selling point of two soap tanks are? I would much prefer a longer hose to the wand. If doing bigger jobs you have to move the base often and with three different cords going different direction it sometimes slows things down,
I purchased this item in May 2023. I used it one time last year and the thermal sensor kicked in after about 15 minutes. As a result, it stopped functioning. I let it cool down. Ii would not restart. I called technical support and they walked me through a step-by-step procedure that was not in the owners manual. I wrote this process down. I got it out again this year and tried to use it and again it stopped working after about 15 minutes. I went through the process from last year. It still does not work. I tried calling technical support for assistance and nobody is available to help me. I am extremely disappointed in this item. It does not work as described.
I have used this 4 times only. The third time I used it the motor had a piercing intermittent screech sound. The 4th time I used it, the gun had no pressure going to it. The motor came on fine. I replaced the hose with a new one, replaced the plug, tried different plugs, cleaned it thoroughly and it still won't get pressure to it. Waste of money.
This thing worked well for 4 or 5 uses. Then the brass fitting on the nozzle broke, making the entire thing useless. I'm on hold with the company hoping for a replacement part right now, and I'll update if there's any resolution.
We bought this pressure washer when we moved into our new home. It came with a 2 year warranty and broke close to year three. It works well and does the job. I am not giving it a five star because it broke close to the 3 year mark (I used it five times, at most!),. When I spoke to customer service, I was told that I should buy a new one, and call them, and they'll give me a three year warranty on the new pressure washer. In the end, this will be the last Sun Joe product I purchase.
Worked great for 4 years. Last week the motor burned up.
Reasonably priced washer. This is our second. 1st died 2 and1/2 years later. Not much use in 2 and a half years. Only bought a second because we purchased extra accessories. Seems to be a disposable item cant wait to see how long the second lasts.
Product works well as described. Good value for the price for regular homeowner work. Only reason for 3 stars is because it was missing the coupling that I'd needed to connect your garden hose. So it was useless until I went to hardware store to buy a coupling for $10.
This Vacuum sucks! LITERALLY! It's so good, and cleans and has a very powerful suction, that cleans all of the deep spaces in my vehicle. I would highly recommend this shop vac!
I needed a shop vac in order to clean out the trap on my washing machine that wouldn't drain. Without this wet vac, opening it would have flooded my laundry room. I was so impressed with the suction and how quickly it sucked the water up. Easy to assemble and appreciate all the accessories / attachments. It is very powerful and lightweight. We'll see how durable it is since I'm used to a metal canister one.
My son turned me on to this vacuum. It picks up so well. I have mats in the garage with those designs that leave debris between them. This gets between the designs! I'm used to cordless in the house bc I have 3 floors. They work fine but needed something with more suction for the garage. ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️
At 82 years of age I needed a light vacuum to drag up and down the stairs. This vacuum works fine for that purpose. I do regret it only has one speed and pray it lasts as long as I do.
truly it sucks, cleans up everything, and the cord is so long damn, its amazing. get your during christmas. best prices.
Best price on Amazon. A local vac company wanted $200 for the same product. I've had Oreck for years and it is a great vacuum. All we had to do was put the handle on.
Works great, lightweight and moves with ease from one surface to another.
This Vacuum sucks! LITERALLY! It's so good, and cleans and has a very powerful suction, that cleans all of the deep spaces in my vehicle. I would highly recommend this shop vac!
I bought this for my husband after our very old shop vac up and died. He tried it out right away and said it worked very good. It has just the right amount of vacuum power. He likes the attachments too.
Incredible suction power. Easy to assemble plenty of power to suck up the biggest of jobs. With the use of internal vacuum bags? You don't have to worry about any of the smell but that's up to you. Sucks up water, easy Peezy and fast.
It's power cord is bright orange, with the thick gauge (thickness) of an extension cord for powering a freezer. So it is way to thick to fit in the upper cord holder on the handle. It broke the first day. The fit of the plastic pieces is poor, not aligning squarely. The attachments are awkward, poorly thought out. The vacuuming power/operation of the unit is good. It is self propelled and that's handy. This is the last Hoover product I'll ever purchase. I don't think it will last more than a few years, if that. I'd give it a pass.
I bought this vacuum to be used in a bar. It does get used a lot, but I figured the "professional" status meant it was durable. It lasted less than 8 months before the wheels fell off due to small plastic pieces wearing away. Would not recommend for commercial use.
Used only twice and the brush bar stopped turning. I took this apart and couldn't see what was wrong. I figured maybe the belt but it was still in tack ONLY the belt had BISSELL printed on it?? Is BISSELL part of the Sanitaire line?? Can't find anyone to help me. Customer Service said take it to a vac repair place only closest 1 hour away. Very disappointed since I have owned a commercial Sanitaire for years. This vac is a little clumsy in emptying the dust cup.
The plastic is flimsy. It dies the job but I don't see it lasting too long. This is definitely NOT HEAVY DUTY!
This thing is great even my friend who has a Bridgeport at home likes it. I just wish I had an RPM readout on it just so I'd know how fast it was going. The control is very precise.
Unpacking was simple. Claw hammer and 4 bolts. Ended up using the 4 bolts to mount on my work table. Don't need much room for its small footprint. Have only used it for drilling and some tang work on knives. Great bang for your buck.
This machine, runs well , quiet, can take a .040 cut in 1018, with a 1 inch end mill, as long as you use proper speeds, i love it, next best thing would be a knee mill, perfect for a retired machinist
The item was very well packed. The instructions were very clear and easy to understand. All tools needed were supplied and the fasteners were labeled well. The wiring harness was complete in the drag chain, just had to make the connections. After assembly, I loaded the test files and they all completed on a test piece of plywood. I plan to use this CNC for hobby work. The supplied spindle is good for light projects but I'm using a HF 1/4" trim router that fit well in the supplied adapter. This is a good starter unit for anyone wanting to get into CNC woodworking.
Beginners will find this machine to be quite frustrating. Everything from setting up the included software to figuring out feeds and speeds is a black box with little to no information to help. But if you can get past that and get cutting, this thing is a little miracle at this price. The ability to turn it into a 4080, or upgrade to a 300w spindle or a laser, or add an offline controller for just a small additional investment is one of the biggest selling points for this particular machine over others.
anyone interested in precision work is advised to look elsewhere. german engineering has run amok with this mill. if you are cutting balsa wood or cardboard this would be ideal. cutting anything else is a challenge. the collet system is a joke. 10 mm will not hold 3/8 endmill. you need to tighten spindle and z axis to bring even close to square. save your money and buy an asian machine for half as much and get a standard collet system with it. the proxon is a wet dream and a misrepresentation of what it can do. Proxxon 34108 Micro Mill FF 230
OK alway thiught these would be great for mill and lathe moving. Current pallet jack is cumbersome, these seemed more flexible. All seemed well but started seeing slide off on one or two of them more in turns but also straight rolls. Hadca lathe on four until on slipped loose making 2000lb lathe tip half over. Had to use a cherry picker to upright. The top swivel is too smooth to stop sliding out. They need stopper pins in the top to prevent this. I plan turning a plate thatcsits on top with rough knurl surface and four drop in pins to prevent total slide off. Rolls nice and a simple steel rod turns the direction. Just stabd clear and watch.
The free shipping is great! These weigh a ton. It would have cost as much or more to ship these than what was paid to buy them. These are great moving skates but have the same issues as any others. You need to put a pad or something to keep your equipment from slipping off. Plus as the riggers told me never put them on 4 corners. Put 2 at the rear and a steerable one on the front to maneuver. Got my 4500 lb CNC lathe out on the slab to be moved. It did slip off once though.
Stability and durability is unbelievable! Great purchase to help with moving large items.
We’ve been using this CNC machine in our workshop for about a year now, and it has been fantastic. The precision it offers is unmatched, and it handles a wide variety of materials like metal and wood with ease. Even after running it for long shifts, it operates smoothly without any major hiccups. Maintenance has been minimal so far, which is a huge plus for us, as downtime can be costly. The machine’s build quality is solid, and it’s been a real asset to our production process. If you’re looking for something reliable and efficient for large-scale manufacturing, I highly recommend it.
“Honestly, I’m really disappointed with this CNC machine. We bought it for our manufacturing line, but it’s been a headache from day one. While it’s accurate when it works, it constantly breaks down during heavy use. We’ve had to replace multiple parts already, and the machine requires constant maintenance just to keep it running. This has caused major disruptions in our production schedule. To make matters worse, customer support has been incredibly slow in responding to our requests for help. For something that’s supposed to be industrial-grade, it doesn’t hold up to the demands of our business.”